[Pages] Add SPF record info. (#7247)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/functions/plugins/mailchannels.md

For more information about MailChannels and the options they support, refer to [the documentation](https://mailchannels.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/4565898358413-Sending-Email-from-Cloudflare-Workers-using-MailChannels-Send-API).

## SPF support for MailChannels

For example, if you want to use both MailChannels and Cloudflare Email Routing, you should follow the steps below in the Cloudflare dashboard:

> 1. In Account Home, select the website you would like to add a SPF record. 
> 2. In the menu on the left select **DNS** > **Records** > **Add Record**.
> 3. In the dropdown menu, select **TXT** as the type of record.  
> 4. Enter the SPF record below into your DNS server as a text (`TXT`) entry. This must be on the root (`@`) of the domain. (You currently cannot send mail from a subdomain.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Account Home**, select the website you would like to add an SPF record for. 
2. Select **DNS** > **Records** > **Add Record**.
3. In the dropdown menu, select *TXT* as the type of record.  
4. Enter the SPF record below into your DNS server as a text (`TXT`) entry. This must be on the root (`@`) of the domain. (You currently cannot send mail from a subdomain.)
```
